Add O365 endpoints link to Exchange-Teams-interact.md (#8631)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/Exchange-Teams-interact.md

- Mailboxes are hosted in Exchange Server 2016 Cumulative Update 3 or later.

> - Autodiscover and Exchange Web Services is published externally. For a list of endpoints that require access to these services, see [Office 365 URLs and IP address ranges](https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/enterprise/urls-and-ip-address-ranges).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Autodiscover and Exchange Web Services are published externally. For a list of endpoints that require access to these services, see [Office 365 URLs and IP address ranges](/microsoft-365/enterprise/urls-and-ip-address-ranges).
```
